Most frequently asked interview questions on Manual Testing ::::
What is a Defect
Why do software have defects?
SDLC models
SDLC vs STLC 
Explain Defect/Bug Life Cycle
Severity Vs Priority
Give examples of 4 combinations of Severity and Priority
Why did you choose software testing as a career?
What are the skills required for a software tester
Difference between Test Scenario and Test case
Fields in a Defect Template
Inconsistent or non-reproducible defect
Cosmetic Defect
Deferred Defect
Invalid Defect
Duplicate Defect
Masked Defect
Latent  Defect
Blocker or Showstopper Defect
What are the different Severity Levels
Types of Testing
Difference between Alpha vs Beta Testing
Difference between User Acceptance Testing
"Please arrange the sequence the following types of testing
Beta--smoke-Integration-Unit-API-Functional-Regression_UAT-Sanity"
Exploratory Testing
Risk Based Testing
Difference between Smoke vs Sanity
Difference between Retesting vs Regression
Difference between Positive vs Negative
Difference between System vs End to End Testing
Difference between Globalization vs Localization vs Internationalisation
Difference between Ad Hoc vs Exploratory
Difference between Black vs White Vs Grey
When do you stop testing
What is Test Data
What is  Environment
What is Test bed
Difference between Static vs Dynamic Testing
Difference between  Error,Defect,Bug,Failure,Fault,Anomaly
What is Accessibility Testing
What is Performance Testing
Load
Stress
Volume
Endurance
Security Testing
Difference between UI vs Back end
Difference between Unit vs Integration
Difference between Unit vs API
What are drivers and stubs in Integration testing
Why do we do automation testing
Compatibility testing
Browser Compatibility/Cross Browser testing
Test Design Techniques you know
BVA(Boundary Value Analysis)
ECP(Equivalence Class Partitioning)
DT(Decision Table)
ST(State Transition)
EG(Error Guessing)
What is RTM or Requirement Traceability Matrix
What is BiDirectional RTM
How do you make sure that testing is completed?
What will you do/How will you handle it if the developer does not agree that it is a defect?
Test Plan vs Test Strategy
Test Deliverables
Entry Criteria and Exit Criteria in a Test Plan
What is test coverage
What is Cause Effect
Principles of testing
What are the different Environment in your project
How many test cases do you author or design or write per day?
How many test cases do you execute per day?
Best Practices for writing test cases
Levels of Testing
How will you handle if you get a production defect
How will you handle it if the developer is not agreeing to your defect?
Very limited time to release the product
Explain about the most important defect you have found?
How will you approach testing for any requirement or user story?
How will you overcome the challenge of having limited/inaccurate documentation for testing?
Why is regression testing in agile methodology challenging and how will you handle it?


